ABOUT:

  ICL stands for IPMI Console Logger .  Its primary purpose in life is
to provide a combination of a logging agent with a configurable set of
triggers for pattern detection within logs for IPMI connected machines.

Here’s the problem I am trying to solve, call it a many year itch I’ve 
been wanting to scratch. We build very high performance storage clusters, 
extreme performance flash and ssd arrays, and a number of other things. 
At customer sites, while in use, a unit could crash. When it does, we 
really need a full console log to see the full crash log.

Unfortunately, the “write to the screen” method gets very … very old 
when you are trying to transcribe something … thats happened to scroll 
off the screen.

And that mechanism doesn’t scale. Doesn’t enable automation.

“But wait” you say. “What about the remote syslog facilities built into 
syslog and rsyslog?”

They work fine as long as

	* The machine is booted to an OS, and
	* The network is up and operational on the machine, and
	* The crash in question doesn’t take down, oh, say 

		… THE NETWORK …

And more to the point, what if we could basically stream this stuff to 
local logs, and, I dunno, trigger actions on patterns appearing in the 
logs?

Assume I’ve got everything but the pattern matching up and going. And 
that isn’t that hard to add. Assume we can log many … many machines 
to a single centralized machine, as long as console output is redirected 
over the serial port, and that the serial port is available over the 
LAN in IPMI.

This isn’t always the case, and some motherboard vendors like breaking 
useful stuff (not naming names (*&*&%$^$& , but you know who you are) 
like this. And assume grub sometimes fails completely to start with 
some serial console specs on that same vendors motherboards … GRRRRRRRR ….

Apart from these annoyances, this enables us to create not simply a 
virtual serial concentrator, but a very intelligent one that can trigger 
alerts, send messages, etc. Even if the machine is non-functional for 
syslog/rsyslog network logging.

   
LICENSE:  GPL v2.0 only (c.f. http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html 
for a copy if this fail is missing from the distribution.

COPYRIGHT: 2012 Scalable Informatics Inc.

SUPPORT:  paid support and features available from Scalable Informatics 
	  Inc.  Contact info@scalableinformatics.com for details


